[Term Entry] SwiftUI View Modifier: .overlay() (#1621)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/viewmodifier/terms/overlay/overlay.md

---
Title: '.overlay()'

> Description: 'Layers the specified views in front of a view.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Layers the specified views in front of another view.'
```

Subjects:

>   - 'Mobile Development

Reviewer: Missing a single quote here which is causing an error.
```suggestion
  - 'Mobile Development'
```

  - 'iOS'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Modifiers'
  - 'Xcode'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`.overlay()`** layers the views that you specify in front of a [`View`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views).

Reviewer: Avoid personal pronouns in Codecademy Docs
```suggestion
The **`.overlay()`** layers the specified [views](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views) in front of another view.
```

## Syntax

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: Change this pseudo block so that everything is not shifted to the center. Keep left-aligned and use two spaces when indenting instead of 4.

	Text("This text will have views layered over top of it.")
		.overlay(alignment) {

> 			Subviews here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			// Subviews here
```

		}
```

The `.overlay()` modifier method takes two parameters to create a [`ZStack`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/terms/zstack) to group the foreground views:

- `alignment` specifies where to position the foreground views.

> - `content` is used to declare the views to add to the foreground, stacked in the order you list them. The last view that you list appears at the front of the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `content` is used to declare the views to add to the foreground, stacked in the order listed. The last view appears at the front of the stack.
```

Using the `.overlay()` modifier method without any specified parameter results in the default behavior of the modifier: the foreground views will be centered on the view.

## Example

> 

Reviewer: Add a description of the example. Something like:
```suggestion

The following example uses the `.overlay` modifier to lay a star over a `Circle`:

```

```swift

> 	Color.blue

Reviewer: Same for this code-block as the pseudo-block above, align everything to the left and use two spaces when indenting.

---
Title: '.overlay()'
Description: 'Layers the specified views in front of another view.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'iOS'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Modifiers'
  - 'Xcode'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`.overlay()`** layers the specified [views](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views) in front of another view.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Text("This text will have views layered over top of it.")
	.overlay(alignment) {
		// Subviews here
}
```

The `.overlay()` modifier method takes two parameters to create a [`ZStack`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/terms/zstack) to group the foreground views:

- `alignment` specifies where to position the foreground views.
- `content` is used to declare the views to add to the foreground, stacked in the order listed. The last view appears at the front of the stack.

Using the `.overlay()` modifier method without any specified parameter results in the default behavior of the modifier: the foreground views will be centered on the view.

## Example

> The following example uses the `.overlay` modifier to lay a star and a [`Circle`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/terms/circle) over a over a `Color` view.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `.overlay` modifier to lay a star and a [`Circle`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/terms/circle) over a `Color` view:
```

```swift
Color.blue

> 	.frame(width: 200, height: 200)

Reviewer: For this example can we also change the tabbed indentation to two spaces instead? So for every tab replace with two spaces instead. For example, if there is one tab then change to two spaces. If there are two tabs then four spaces would replace them. Three tabs = six spaces and so on.
